when David said this is the house of the
when David said this is the house of the Lord God and this is the altar of
Lord God and this is the altar of
Lord God and this is the altar of burnt-offering for Israel
burnt-offering for Israel
burnt-offering for Israel [Music]
[Music]
[Music] so David commanded to gather the aliens
so David commanded to gather the aliens
so David commanded to gather the aliens who were in the Land of Israel and he
who were in the Land of Israel and he
who were in the Land of Israel and he appointed Mason's to cut hewn stones to
appointed Mason's to cut hewn stones to
appointed Mason's to cut hewn stones to build the house of God and David
build the house of God and David
build the house of God and David prepared iron in abundance for the nails
prepared iron in abundance for the nails
prepared iron in abundance for the nails of the doors of the gates and for the
of the doors of the gates and for the
of the doors of the gates and for the joints and bronze and abundance beyond
joints and bronze and abundance beyond
joints and bronze and abundance beyond measure and cedar trees in abundance for
measure and cedar trees in abundance for
measure and cedar trees in abundance for the sidonians and those from tyre
the sidonians and those from tyre
the sidonians and those from tyre brought much cedar wood to David now
brought much cedar wood to David now
brought much cedar wood to David now David said Solomon my son is young and
David said Solomon my son is young and
David said Solomon my son is young and inexperienced and the house to be built
inexperienced and the house to be built
inexperienced and the house to be built for the Lord must be exceedingly
for the Lord must be exceedingly
for the Lord must be exceedingly magnificent famous and glorious
magnificent famous and glorious
magnificent famous and glorious throughout all countries I will now make
throughout all countries I will now make
throughout all countries I will now make preparation for it
preparation for it
preparation for it so David made abundant preparations
so David made abundant preparations
so David made abundant preparations before his death then he called for his
before his death then he called for his
before his death then he called for his son Solomon and charged him to build a
son Solomon and charged him to build a
son Solomon and charged him to build a house for the Lord God of Israel my son
house for the Lord God of Israel my son
house for the Lord God of Israel my son as for me it was in my mind to build a
as for me it was in my mind to build a
as for me it was in my mind to build a house to the name of the Lord my God but
house to the name of the Lord my God but
house to the name of the Lord my God but the word of the Lord came to me saying
the word of the Lord came to me saying
the word of the Lord came to me saying you have shed much blood and have made
you have shed much blood and have made
you have shed much blood and have made great Wars you shall not build a house
great Wars you shall not build a house
great Wars you shall not build a house for my name because you have shed much
for my name because you have shed much
for my name because you have shed much blood on the earth in my sight behold a
blood on the earth in my sight behold a
blood on the earth in my sight behold a son shall be born to you who shall be a
son shall be born to you who shall be a
son shall be born to you who shall be a man of rest and I will give him rest
man of rest and I will give him rest
man of rest and I will give him rest from all his enemies all around his name
from all his enemies all around his name
from all his enemies all around his name shall be Solomon for I will give peace
shall be Solomon for I will give peace
shall be Solomon for I will give peace and quietness to Israel in his days
and quietness to Israel in his days
and quietness to Israel in his days he shall build a house for my name and
he shall build a house for my name and
he shall build a house for my name and he shall be my son and I will be his
he shall be my son and I will be his
he shall be my son and I will be his father and I will establish the throne
father and I will establish the throne
father and I will establish the throne of his kingdom over Israel forever now
of his kingdom over Israel forever now
of his kingdom over Israel forever now my son may the Lord be with you and may
my son may the Lord be with you and may
my son may the Lord be with you and may you prosper and build the house of the
you prosper and build the house of the
you prosper and build the house of the Lord your God as he has said to you only
Lord your God as he has said to you only
Lord your God as he has said to you only may the Lord give you wisdom and
may the Lord give you wisdom and
may the Lord give you wisdom and understanding and give you charge
understanding and give you charge
understanding and give you charge concerning Israel that you may keep the
concerning Israel that you may keep the
concerning Israel that you may keep the law of the Lord your God then you will
law of the Lord your God then you will
law of the Lord your God then you will prosper
prosper
prosper if you take care to fulfill the statutes
if you take care to fulfill the statutes
if you take care to fulfill the statutes and judgments with which the Lord
and judgments with which the Lord
and judgments with which the Lord charged Moses concerning Israel be
charged Moses concerning Israel be
charged Moses concerning Israel be strong and of good courage do not fear
strong and of good courage do not fear
strong and of good courage do not fear nor be dismayed indeed I have taken much
nor be dismayed indeed I have taken much
nor be dismayed indeed I have taken much trouble to prepare for the house of the
trouble to prepare for the house of the
trouble to prepare for the house of the Lord
Lord
Lord one hundred thousand talents of gold and
one hundred thousand talents of gold and
one hundred thousand talents of gold and 1 million talents of silver and bronze
1 million talents of silver and bronze
1 million talents of silver and bronze and iron beyond measure Braves is so
and iron beyond measure Braves is so
and iron beyond measure Braves is so abundant
abundant
abundant I have prepared timber and stone also
I have prepared timber and stone also
I have prepared timber and stone also and you may head to them moreover there
and you may head to them moreover there
and you may head to them moreover there are workmen with you in abundance
are workmen with you in abundance
are workmen with you in abundance woodsmen and stone cutters and all types
woodsmen and stone cutters and all types
woodsmen and stone cutters and all types of skillful men for every kind of work
of skillful men for every kind of work
of skillful men for every kind of work of gold and silver and bronze and iron
of gold and silver and bronze and iron
of gold and silver and bronze and iron there is no limit arise and begin
there is no limit arise and begin
there is no limit arise and begin working and the Lord be with you David
working and the Lord be with you David
working and the Lord be with you David also commanded all the leaders of Israel
also commanded all the leaders of Israel
also commanded all the leaders of Israel to help Solomon his son is not the Lord
to help Solomon his son is not the Lord
to help Solomon his son is not the Lord your God with you and has he not given
your God with you and has he not given
your God with you and has he not given you rest on every side for he has given
you rest on every side for he has given
you rest on every side for he has given the inhabitants of the land into my hand
the inhabitants of the land into my hand
the inhabitants of the land into my hand and the land is subdued before the Lord
and the land is subdued before the Lord
and the land is subdued before the Lord and before his people now set your heart
and before his people now set your heart
and before his people now set your heart and your soul to seek the Lord your God
and your soul to seek the Lord your God
and your soul to seek the Lord your God therefore arise and build the sanctuary
therefore arise and build the sanctuary
therefore arise and build the sanctuary of the Lord God to bring the Ark of the
of the Lord God to bring the Ark of the
of the Lord God to bring the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord and the holy
Covenant of the Lord and the holy
Covenant of the Lord and the holy articles of God into the house that is
articles of God into the house that is
articles of God into the house that is to be built for the name of the Lord